friday afternoon fucking last Friday got
to change gears oh we go taking a bit of
a different route home today cuz I think
it's time for a bit a bit of a change
it's so I got at the moment there's not
a lot of traffic because it's still
school holidays it's also the first week
of the year so not too many people are
back at work well it's quite a lot but
you know a lot of people aren't back at
work but there's no one taking their
kids down from school and so the traffic
is pretty good I thought I'd take this
little route here for a bit of scenery
just for a change you know I wouldn't
normally take this route when it's busy
because at the end of this that will run
I have to go freeway and I don't really
like the freeway peak hour not much fun
anyway they're putting these I think
it's a the beautiful river putting these
things all the way along here because
this is quite a popular little stress
with automotive enthusiasts
so yeah they've tried to slow people
down I guess vocals as you can probably
tell her quite wealthy I don't like
people being noisy along their streets
anyway sound a little bit of a Friday
Week in Review i haven't done one of
these in a while what has happened this
week gosh well it's the start of the
year so first week of the new year well
tell you what it was actually 2012 as
well so get a new years when had a bit
of a the usual news bash at about our
mates place I could made him on it's
actually his birthdays on the 31st and
December so he tends to be the one that
hosts all the news batches because we
have his birthday party at the same time
um there was good fun a little bit drunk
on rum and alcoholic ginger beer mixed
together Oh potent mix
so it's pretty good apart from that back
at work really did a bit of climbing
when climbing yesterday without later
triple outside the climbing gym it's
good fun owl you want to hop much the
fuckin Road there my J nice it'll let me
throw of it coming no kite surfers are
out here alone that lovely um sure the
week's been good first week back and
work fairly productive and I made a
couple of videos already this week's
goods i'm making another one going to be
a good week for a vegetable fans good
luck with that canal it's gonna be good
active down here with all these kite
surfers
that's happened this week we got might
and the news Kim and Kanye it's pregnant
all I can say oh that is who gives a
shit I'd understand how this piece
people you know I think I can understand
kind of how Kanye West's you know the
talented rapper entertainer whatever and
I'm not a big fan I feel I kind of don't
like him at all but this fucking Kim
Kardashian one egg is a shit and the
fact that they're having a baby oh why
is it such massive news on it's like
headline news on mainstream news so it's
not even entertainment side I don't get
that shit why does that kind of shit
become headline news when there's all
sort of you know very newsworthy
terrible and lots of good shit going on
in the world that doesn't involve
fucking car near west of him fucking
Kardashian anyway my little rant about
that one ah the other interesting things
I'd say anything news this week Justin
Bieber so apparently some well the news
said it was a paparazzi but it's
probably just some poor fucking
photographer got bloody killed crossing
the road to take a photo of Bieber's
white Ferrari or whatever the fuck it is
that's a tragedy um
I guess strange but the only reason it
makes news is because it's bloody
Bieber's car I'm really telling Carolyn
I've been down here in a long time um
but yeah same time again why the fuck
does that make news it gives a shit I
mean poor guy but why is that news it's
because i get to mention fucking justin
bieber and get a few more hits on their
website
yeah boy um what else there was another
thing I wanted to talk about oh yeah now
this is really terrible I mean nobody
died but so a teenage girl in the states
got arrested for dragging her parents
milk or something with fuckin sedatives
so they would go to sleep so that she
could get on the internet last her
internet curfew now that's the fucking
what is going on there is all i have to
say and I've gone completely the wrong
way I just completely remembered i'm
done during one anyway let's go this way
so yeah that's a some interesting shit
maybe i'm done the right way how's it
going yeah i got a nod fuck twins it's
not the black stripper huh but anyway
fully twins if you watch my channel
comment below oh funny ah there's also
stupid shit menus and the news chips me
but i think i'm going to do this friday
afternoon you know we can review i'll
talk a bit about the news and current
affairs what's coming up on the weekend
it's a good question whoever asked
nobody asks i probably shouldn't have
had to stop there what is coming up on
the weekend well I'm gonna I've got a
couple of videos i need to put together
and put online eventually that's not
gonna do well yeah but I I've got a
fucking baby shower it's just
interesting those friends and myself and
over to triple-a pregnant well one of
them's pregnant the other just did his
job you know so we gonna the baby shower
let's be fun
back from that but a whole lot happening
so there you go man holy don't know
where I'm going hopefully this will time
you I want to go okay
hey I thought I figured you guys might
enjoy a bit of a change of scenery I've
come down this way Oh motor nah city
subscribe to my channel this afternoon I
got the little little email notification
of that one cheers mate or not city I do
enjoy your work I don't wanna say lost
looks beautiful city of Perth right
there I'm gonna go this way it's not
what I want to be
anyway
before I get even more lost all right as
i fuck it that's me to start in the
commercial oh they look at us the
three-way battle going now yeah so it's
about getting together with your family
since I'm friends but one and the geek
dad so I've everyone I think it won't
add a year on good know how long I'm
gonna be prepping for